SECURITY.md, before:

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

See our [documentation on release versioning](https://docs.civiform.us/it-manual/sre-playbook/upgrading-to-a-new-release).

All production deployments are encouraged to deploy weekly and keep in regular communication with the development team.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

To report a vulnerability, please email civiform-escalations@googlegroups.com

Please include the docker image tag for the version in which you have found the vulnerability, or a link to code on GitHub if that is more appropriate.

## Software Bill of Materials

The US Cybersecurity & Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) recommends the inclusion of a Software Bill of Materials (SBOM). We create the SBOM file with each release. It can be found on the [releases page](https://github.com/civiform/civiform/releases).

For more information on the SBOM visit the [US National Telecommunications and Information Administration website](https://www.ntia.gov/page/software-bill-materials)

Commit message:

Add information about patch rewards program (#6474)

SECURITY.md, after:

# Security Policy

## Supported Versions

See our [documentation on release versioning](https://docs.civiform.us/it-manual/sre-playbook/upgrading-to-a-new-release).

All production deployments are encouraged to deploy weekly and keep in regular communication with the development team.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

To report a vulnerability, please email civiform-escalations@googlegroups.com

Please include the docker image tag for the version in which you have found the vulnerability, or a link to code on GitHub if that is more appropriate.

## Fixing a Vulnerability

If you fix a vulnerability, you can qualify for the [Patch Rewards Program](https://bughunters.google.com/about/rules/4928084514701312/patch-rewards-program-rules) and receive a reward for your vulnerability fix.

## Software Bill of Materials

The US Cybersecurity & Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) recommends the inclusion of a Software Bill of Materials (SBOM). We create the SBOM file with each release. It can be found on the [releases page](https://github.com/civiform/civiform/releases).

For more information on the SBOM visit the [US National Telecommunications and Information Administration website](https://www.ntia.gov/page/software-bill-materials)
