.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/oncall-rotation.md, before:

---
name: Oncall rotation
about: Weekly oncall rotation checklist and log
title: 'Oncall: 2024-XX-XX'
labels: 'oncall'
assignees: ''
---

The Oncall is responsible for releasing a new version of CiviForm on Tuesday during their rotation and general upkeep through their rotation. This is an aid for each rotation, but the docs are the source of truth.

Rotations begin each Monday, with the release happening on Tuesday.

Please check off all items at their appropriate times during your rotation.

Resources:

- [Oncall Guide](https://docs.civiform.us/governance-and-management/project-management/on-call-guide#on-call-responsibilities)
- [Release Guide](https://github.com/civiform/civiform/wiki/Releasing)

# Task list:

## Release

- [ ] Choose a new version number in the format `vX.Y.Z`. If this is an unscheduled release in order to fix a bug, increment Z. Otherwise, increment Y and set Z to 0. Do not increment X without a discussion with the rest of the engineering team.
- [ ] Create a Draft Release by 12 PT on Tuesday
  - Ensure both the `civiform` and `cloud-deploy-infra` repos are tagged appropriately after running the `Create Release` action.
- [ ] Contact Matthew Sprenke for QA on Slack
- [ ] If Matthew is unavailable have the general team attempt a best-effort QA.
- [ ] After QA, publish the release
- [ ] Email release notes
  - The email should include both a link to the release notes on GitHub, and a sentence or two summarizing what is in the release. It should be friendly to non-technical readers (think CiviForm and Program Admins). Feel free to use phrases like "small usability improvements" rather than listing each improvement. Edit the GitHub release notes and add this small summary to the top of it as well.
- [ ] Upgrade the demo site config files to the latest version by running [this action](https://github.com/civiform/civiform-staging-deploy/actions/workflows/update_demo_versions.yaml) then approving and merging the generated PR.

## General

- [ ] Create an Oncall issue for the next rotation, and assign to the next oncall
- [ ] Check Security lists daily
- [ ] Check #ci Slack channel daily to monitor failed pushes
- [ ] Check [needs triage bugs](https://github.com/civiform/civiform/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aneeds-triage) daily to ensure there aren't any P0s
- [ ] Check for dependency updates
  - For any problematic dependency updates that break tests, add the "needs-triage" label so Exygy can prioritize fixing these issues.
  - [ ] Renovate PRs for [civiform/civiform](https://github.com/civiform/civiform/pulls/app%2Frenovate)
  - [ ] Renovate PRs for [civiform/civiform-staging-deploy](https://github.com/civiform/civiform-staging-deploy/pulls/app%2Frenovate)
  - [ ] Renovate PRs for [civiform/cloud-deploy-infra](https://github.com/civiform/cloud-deploy-infra/pulls/app%2Frenovate)

Commit message:

Add step to oncall issue to update admins when a release will be late.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/oncall-rotation.md, after:

---
name: Oncall rotation
about: Weekly oncall rotation checklist and log
title: 'Oncall: 2024-XX-XX'
labels: 'oncall'
assignees: ''
---

The Oncall is responsible for releasing a new version of CiviForm on Tuesday during their rotation and general upkeep through their rotation. This is an aid for each rotation, but the docs are the source of truth.

Rotations begin each Monday, with the release happening on Tuesday.

Please check off all items at their appropriate times during your rotation.

Resources:

- [Oncall Guide](https://docs.civiform.us/governance-and-management/project-management/on-call-guide#on-call-responsibilities)
- [Release Guide](https://github.com/civiform/civiform/wiki/Releasing)

# Task list:

## Release

- [ ] Choose a new version number in the format `vX.Y.Z`. If this is an unscheduled release in order to fix a bug, increment Z. Otherwise, increment Y and set Z to 0. Do not increment X without a discussion with the rest of the engineering team.
- [ ] If the release is going to be late, email civiform-announce@googlegroups.com and civiform-technical@googlegroups.com to let admins know when to expect the next release.
- [ ] Create a Draft Release by 12 PT on Tuesday
  - Ensure both the `civiform` and `cloud-deploy-infra` repos are tagged appropriately after running the `Create Release` action.
- [ ] Contact Matthew Sprenke for QA on Slack
- [ ] If Matthew is unavailable have the general team attempt a best-effort QA.
- [ ] After QA, publish the release
- [ ] Email release notes
  - The email should include both a link to the release notes on GitHub, and a sentence or two summarizing what is in the release. It should be friendly to non-technical readers (think CiviForm and Program Admins). Feel free to use phrases like "small usability improvements" rather than listing each improvement. Edit the GitHub release notes and add this small summary to the top of it as well.
- [ ] Upgrade the demo site config files to the latest version by running [this action](https://github.com/civiform/civiform-staging-deploy/actions/workflows/update_demo_versions.yaml) then approving and merging the generated PR.

## General

- [ ] Create an Oncall issue for the next rotation, and assign to the next oncall
- [ ] Check Security lists daily
- [ ] Check #ci Slack channel daily to monitor failed pushes
- [ ] Check [needs triage bugs](https://github.com/civiform/civiform/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aneeds-triage) daily to ensure there aren't any P0s
- [ ] Check for dependency updates
  - For any problematic dependency updates that break tests, add the "needs-triage" label so Exygy can prioritize fixing these issues.
  - [ ] Renovate PRs for [civiform/civiform](https://github.com/civiform/civiform/pulls/app%2Frenovate)
  - [ ] Renovate PRs for [civiform/civiform-staging-deploy](https://github.com/civiform/civiform-staging-deploy/pulls/app%2Frenovate)
  - [ ] Renovate PRs for [civiform/cloud-deploy-infra](https://github.com/civiform/cloud-deploy-infra/pulls/app%2Frenovate)
